README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Erwan

![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-8-blue)
![Symfony](https://img.shields.io/badge/Symfony-7-black)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Profile-blue?logo=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/erwan-dumont)
[![Malt](https://img.shields.io/badge/Malt-Profile-orange?logo=malt)](https://malt.com/profile/erwan-dumont)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-Harpadev-green?logo=firefox)](https://harpadev.fr)

I’m a **backend developer** specialized in **PHP / Symfony**, with more than 10 years of experience.  
I work mainly on **SaaS platforms, APIs and complex business applications**, with a strong focus on **software design, code maintainability and agile practices**.

---

## Stack & Tools

- **Languages**: PHP, JavaScript (React / Next.js), SQL
- **Frameworks**: Symfony, API Platform
- **Databases**: PostgreSQL, MariaDB, MongoDB
- **Infrastructure**: Docker, GitLab CI/CD, RabbitMQ

---

## Open Source Projects

- [**Ollama OpenWebUI Launcher**](https://github.com/erwanastro/ollama-openwebui-launcher):
a simple desktop launcher and system tray application for Ollama and Open-WebUI services on Linux.

Commit message:

Add Cartographie Logements Sociaux project
Added a new project to the Open Source Projects section.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Erwan

![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-8-blue)
![Symfony](https://img.shields.io/badge/Symfony-7-black)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Profile-blue?logo=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/erwan-dumont)
[![Malt](https://img.shields.io/badge/Malt-Profile-orange?logo=malt)](https://malt.com/profile/erwan-dumont)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-Harpadev-green?logo=firefox)](https://harpadev.fr)

I’m a **backend developer** specialized in **PHP / Symfony**, with more than 10 years of experience.  
I work mainly on **SaaS platforms, APIs and complex business applications**, with a strong focus on **software design, code maintainability and agile practices**.

---

## Stack & Tools

- **Languages**: PHP, JavaScript (React / Next.js), SQL
- **Frameworks**: Symfony, API Platform
- **Databases**: PostgreSQL, MariaDB, MongoDB
- **Infrastructure**: Docker, GitLab CI/CD, RabbitMQ

---

## Open Source Projects

- [**Cartographie Logements Sociaux**](https://github.com/erwanastro/cartographie-logemements-sociaux):
a simple app allowing the creation of interactive maps of social housing in France.
- [**Ollama OpenWebUI Launcher**](https://github.com/erwanastro/ollama-openwebui-launcher):
a simple desktop launcher and system tray application for Ollama and Open-WebUI services on Linux.
